feat: pass cli arguments not used by opennext to wrangler (#720)
opennextjs/opennextjs-cloudflare: .changeset/six-moons-shine.md

---
"@opennextjs/cloudflare": patch
---

> feat: pass cli arguments not used by opennext to wrangler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feat: pass cli arguments not used by`opennextjs-cloudflare` to wrangler
```

> feat: pass cli arguments not used by `opennextjs-cloudflare` to wrangler

Reviewer: Could you add an example of the new allowed syntax vs the previous syntax.
